Oh my god, Eddie Hearn. What a guy.
There's very few people. No, I'm going
to change that. I've never met someone
as neurotically obsessed with success
and with winning and with accomplishing
things and with living a life in
constant forward motion as my next guest
Eddie Han. And it's remarkable because
when you unpack the reasons for that
obsession and that dedication to being
more and achieving more,
there's quite a fragile, vulnerable,
insecure story. That's something I've
noticed with a lot of my guests.
And it often makes me think that the
most successful amongst us aren't
necessarily choosing to be.
Something's happened to them that's left
them with no choice. Eddie Han is one of
the most notorious sports promoters in
the world. He's the king of boxing in
this country. He is known for his no
contact Twitter page, which I'm sure a
lot of you have seen.
But what I wanted to do when I sat down
with Eddie Hern was to get underneath to
get underneath the external sort of
braggadocious loud promoter side of him
and to find out even in the case of
someone like Eddie who is loud, who is
successful, who is ambitious, who is a
promoter, are the same things true for
him that are true for you, the
insecurities, the vulnerabilities, the
mental health issues, and how much does
he really understand himself. My
conversation with Eddie was incredibly
enlightening,
but it also wasn't that surprising.
So, without further ado, I'm Steven
Bartlett and this is the D of CEO. I
hope nobody is listening, but if you
are, then please keep this to yourself.
[Music]
you've done a ton of interviews,
especially over the last couple of
weeks, and there's this really
consistent theme that I felt in all of
the interviews I watched. I watched you
at Cambridge, the High Performance
podcast, loads of them. And um and then
before we came uh started filming today,
I had a chat with Frank and he fully
grasped on you. No, what he said to me,
which I which was also consistent with
these interviews, is that you are
relentless. And he was telling me he's
he's had some um I probably shouldn't
say this, but he was telling me he's
started having this uh is it night owl
or
nightness? Night cuz Eddie will text me
in the middle of the night and he went
I'll tell you one thing about Eddie. He
is relentless.
You're what 40
41 years old. What's made you that
relentless
at 41 years old to the point where
you're you're uh pastoring your
colleagues at 3:00 a.m. in the morning?
I don't know really. Um I think when I
when I did the book, it was like it was
quite a good um sort of counseling
session with myself because I wasn't
really great at school. I wasn't
particularly a hard worker at school. I
loved the pound note always. And when I
wrote the book, it just I I started
writing about my childhood and what it
was like growing up and how I was
molded. And I think a lot of it comes
down to the fact that I love to win. And
I'm a Why did you love to win?
I don't know. Because with my dad,
that's what we did. So when we played
cricket, when we played football, when
we played table tennis, when we sparred
with each other, it was like
for me growing up, you weren't, you
know, I would come back from a match,
say I played cricket, and and he would
go to me and actually my mom was the
same, and he would say to me, "How many
runs did you get today, son?"
And I would say, "Oh, no, four. Ah,
useless. Come on, next time knock in a
50." Right? It was never, oh well, well
done, son. You know, you took part.
That's what really matters. That they
taught me taking part is completely and
utterly irrelevant. You win. And
ultimately, sport is how I was brought
up. I was brought up on the foundations
of sport, the lessons of sport, the
winning, the losing, you know, the
highs, the lows, but always taught that
winning was everything. So, and I'm a
failed athlete, you know. I think any
kid growing up would love to be a
sportsman. I played cricket at a very
good level, but I I was never good
enough at anything. So, this is the next
best thing. But I think if you're not
trying to win in life, and win
it means something different to
everybody. Success means something
different to everybody. Some people view
success as being able to get their pay
packet on a weekend. you know, be able
to, you know, spend time with her family
and have enough food on the, you know,
make enough money to have food on the
table and make sure everything's okay at
home and and be happy, you know, and
have a happy life with no no stress or
no drama. That's success to a lot of
people, but people's interpretation of
success is very different. And you know,
for me, I I I still don't know why
I I I I do I know why I do this, but
like you say, I I love it. I guess
that's what it comes down to. A passion
for what you do. And I don't know what
the passion is. Is it the passion that I
love the sport of boxing? Is it the
passion that I want to succeed against,
you know, and be bigger than my dad? I
think that's a big part of it as well.
Or is it just that I love to win? Or is
it that I'm a bit sick in the head?
Maybe all of them. the sick in the head
point. I want to play with that idea a
little bit. Um I I write I I wrote in my
book actually we have the same
publisher. I wrote in my book that the
thing that invalidates you when you're
younger becomes the thing you seek
validation from when you're older. And
what I meant by that is like in my
childhood because we didn't have money
um and I was this black kid in a school
of 1500 white kids. Everything that we
didn't have became the things that I
chased when I was older or the thing
that made me feel somewhat invalid
sometimes when I was a kid. Like you're
saying about your dad saying, "Oh, you
you lost today.
became the thing that I would seek
validation from as as a as an adult. And
I wondered if that resonated with you at
all. I mean like
well I had a different background. I
mean my dad was poor
became rich and I was born.
So I' I've said before it's not like
when when you talk about generational
wealth. We didn't have generational
wealth. Um I had a dad who was from
Dagnham was from a council estate. His
dad was a bus driver. And then I grew up
in this sort of neuvo world where this
bloke had made his money and he was you
I take the mickey out of him. I suppose
he was a bit of a chav,
you know, he was like from Dagnum and
all of a sudden he's got Ferraris and
big cars and we used to have a white
limo and a black limo that would drive
like the snooker players around and the
fighters around and I was horrible. I
was obnoxious. Imagine like a 14, 15
year old kid hanging around with Eubank
and Naz and then you're in a limo with
your mates going up to London or to
Romford for a night out. I mean, I'll
look back and just cringe. But mine was
different, you know, and and I guess
when it comes down to it and, you know,
again, from the book and speaking and
speaking to people like Frank Lampard,
he went to my school. Um, he was in the
year above me. At my school, I was Barry
Hearn's son and Frank Lampard was Frank
Lampard's son. You know, his dad played
for West Ham. He was and it's a
different kind of drive if you can make
it flow in the right way. You know, when
you're talking about sort of mindset and
and and hustle where all of a sudden I
think so many people with successful
parents
end up just doing okay, you know,
but how do you go beyond that? How do
you outperform everything that he done?
And and I will and I feel like I've done
that in many ways, but I will never be
able to outperform the fact that he came
from nothing.
My friends are my friend is in a very
similar position. you. If I said my
friend's name, you'd know the guy. His
dad is a multi-billionaire. I know you
know him because I've seen you with him
before actually in New York. But um his
dad is a multi-billionaire and he grew
up with living in the shadow
and his dad was the same. And I had a
conversation with him and he said um it
was I was always trying to be better
than my dad. He is now a billionaire
himself of his own doing.
Um but it's just it's fascinating that
and his dad sounds very similar to what
your dad sounds where his dad was tough
on him. tough on him.
I think they're I think they're tough on
you because they don't want you to be
that spoiled kid. I mean, you always
want to um spoil your kids, you know.
You want to give them the great Even
now, you know, I got two daughters. I
love to spoil. I work hard so I can give
them a great life, but I just want them
to understand
manners, respect, and discipline. These
are the three most important things. And
he would make sure that I would
understand that even by having me
working, you know, giving me a clout
every now and again, you know, trying to
keep because I it must have been
frustrating for him because I was
probably all the things that he resented
when he was growing up, you know, the
rich kid. Oh, with a with parents who
had got big house and cars and and I
would have hated me at school, you know,
but he would have looked at me and
that's why he was so disciplined with me
and I was in his slipstream growing up.
So I would sit, you know, we're here
now. That's that was my house
over there. So I he would get home from
work if he was in the country, you know,
he would always go out and give me a
game of football or cricket and then he
would go in the office all night on the
phone and I would have dinner and I
would just sit in the office. You know,
I might have a ball just throwing up in
the air, but I would some subconsciously
listen to the arguments and, you know,
him losing his temper and and just
listen, not because I wanted to learn,
just because I was there. And you're
you're talking there about the sacrifice
of his success which is one of them as
you've highlighted is less time with
your family. You are relentless. Um
everybody says that. What is the the
cost of being a relentless person? You
have to be incredibly selfish. You have
to, you know, for for me, family is the
most important thing, but I have to be
brutally honest and say I don't let even
family get in the way of things that I
have to do, you know, and that that can
make you an [__] and it can make you
sound terrible, but I just don't know
any way around it. There is no way you
can be the perfect husband or the
perfect father and run a successful
business or, you know, be a, you know,
a relentless operator. It's impossible
because I know because I try to balance
both. But when you're flying back from
America from a show and you land at 7:00
in the morning and then you go to
Manchester for a press conference and
then you come home and you just make it
to pick him up from school and then you
get back and they say, "Dad, dad, let's
go over to park and you're just
absolutely on empty and your phone's
going and you're trying to do another
deal and you know, you're pushing the
swing and you're going like this trying
to send a message at the same time. It's
impossible." You know, listen, I know
cuz sometimes my my eldest daughter is
old enough to know, "Dad, please get off
the phone."
And that's that kills me because that's
that's bad to hear, you know? I'm like,
"Okay, okay."
But then 30 seconds later, I'm back just
having a look down because it's a
lifestyle, you know, and it's impossible
to be great at anything without making
sacrifices. You know, it doesn't matter
if you're a fighter, if you're a
sportsman. You speak to all successful
people, you can't be everything. It's
impossible, you know, and and but what
you don't want to do is you don't want
to disregard your obligations, your
family obligations, because they are
extremely important. But you also need a
wife or a partner who's understanding
enough to say, "This is what I know what
he's like. He won't stop." And that's
why when Frank talks about 3:00 a.m.,
4:00 a.m., that's because a lot of the
time I'm sort of making up for the hour
or two that I've lost out playing with
the kids. So I'll put them to sleep.
They'll go to sleep at 9, half 9, you
know, chill out with a wife for an hour,
she'll go to sleep and then I'm up. And
now with the growth in America, it means
that at 4:00 p.m. 5:00 p.m. the West
Coast wakes up.
So I can't go to bed. I can't disappear
when it gets to 11 a.m. or on the West
Coast or or midday on the West Coast
because they want to speak to me and we
want to do business. I am uh much
earlier in my career maybe I know 15
years earlier in my career and um I've
struggled with romantic love for the
very same reason that for the last
decade I've like slept in the office
multiple weekends I've been obsessed um
I would basically sacrifice everything
and there became this moment in my life
where I think it was maybe the day that
someone tried to buy the company and I
thought about what I'd spend it on and I
remember going home and I swear on my
mother's life I went on right move and
auto trader at the same I had two tabs
open and I'm like the lamb
no that's that's that that always
follows the Lamborghini. So I was
looking at this Lamborghini and this
mansion in the countryside and then I
thought if I buy these things I'm
trading like this purpose I have this
job this you know for for this
Lamborghini and this mansion and it felt
really really empty and then I thought
but Steve you know when you were 18 and
you were broke and you had no money
18-year-old Steve said wrote in your
diary this is why it's called the driver
that you wanted the sports car the
million before you were 25 this was what
we did it for and then it threw my head
into this like confusion it's like if if
if it's not that if that's going to make
me feel empty. They call it like um gold
medal depression where Michael Phelps
won all the medals and then got
depressed. Um then what's it all for?
And and then I thought and then also
when does it all end? Like when does it
end? Well, it doesn't end because and
actually you you're always searching.
This is this is a problem and something
you have to be careful of because when
you
are trying to succeed and when you're
trying to become great actually the
great people
they never feel content with achievement
and I'm very much like that. Frank
Lampard again going back to him he said
that when he won the Champions League
he's always dreamed of winning the
Champions League and he stood there with
a trophy and he felt nothing. I mean, he
felt happy, but definitely not content.
Definitely not I've cracked it.
That might go back to the sickness, you
know, that we talked about earlier. And
when we talk about sickness, I mean, not
probably not medically sick, but sick in
the head a little bit to a point where I
get it all the time.
You know, we say that,
you know, we wanted to do, you know,
when when AJ turned pro, we wanted him
to be the world heavyweight champion.
You know, he won that.
Great. We was in the ring after jumping
up and down. As soon as we got out of
the ring the Yeah. And then it's like,
okay, we want to do something. You know,
we got the Klitschko fight. Okay. You go
through at 90,000 at Wembley. You stand
there, everyone that was at the event
tells you it's the greatest sporting
occasion they've ever been to.
How do you know?
Uh,
at the time, amazing in the ring,
amazing, you know, and then not even the
day after. It's I I never I never go out
really and I never drink really after a
show because that's probably, you know,
depressed is the wrong word, but you I
go back, you know, I finish the media
obligations 2 3:00 in the morning, go
back to the hotel, and that is when I'll
sit there, get into bed, and then
obviously you can't sleep because the
buzz and the adrenaline, and that's when
you just feel a little bit low and empty
is that okay, it's over. Same with what
you talk about with Phelps. It's the
highs versus the lows. You can't just
experience the highs and then be happy
with the lows. So, you want more and
more and more and more. And I I'm my I'm
my own biggest critic and I'm also very
pessimistic, which is strange to a lot
of people, but I kind of use it to play
tricks on myself to keep myself driven.
So, when I do something or when I've
planned something, I always say to
myself, there's going to be problems.
It's I think it's going to go wrong. I
doubt this will happen. You know, I
don't know why I do it, but it just
helps me to battle away to overcome
everything to get to the place. And then
when I achieve something which others
might think is great, I say to myself,
that's nothing. You got a long way to
go. Because I'm scared of sitting back,
you know, with the the cigar on the
beach and going, I've cracked it. You
can't touch me. You know, and we got to
a position with UK boxing where, you
know, we are virtually untouchable, but
I just don't want to be that guy who
takes the foot off the gas. I want to
bang every single nail in the coffin,
you know, and then move on to another
market and another market and another
market. But you do get the the worry
with that mindset is you may look back
when you're 80 or 90 and go, "Wow, you
know, look at everything you've done.
You never really enjoyed it, did you? I
mean, I love what I do, but you probably
should savor it a little bit more than
you do." But again, it goes back to that
mindset of being so driven. You want the
next It's a drug. Success is a drug. But
you got to be careful that it doesn't
turn you into an [__] at the same
time because how many successful people
do you know? Absolute [__]
[__] Horrible. Rude. No manners.
Obnoxious.
What's it done? Do you ever find moments
where you think, "Fuck, I was just an
[__] then."
I think that it's just time for people,
you know, you end up being It's not that
you can turn into that if if you're not
one, but
when you become busy, it's a bit like,
you know, when people say that, "Oh,
he's changed. Of course he's changed,
his life's changed, you know, his
responsibilities changed, his business
has changed. You can't expect him to say
the same people. And you know when you
have a a group of friends when you all
come out of school and sort of you're
going from there and you're talking
every day and the ones that sort of grow
the friendships are still as strong but
you just don't talk to each other every
week every day because you got your own
life. You got your own vision. You got
your own plans.
But you still go for lunch and you get
on better than ever and you but and it's
the ones that say oh he's not oh he's
don't talk to us anymore. I ain't got
time mate. But this is goes back to the
sacrifices. You know, if I fall out with
friends
because of what I'm trying to achieve in
my own personal life and my business,
so be it. I know again that that sounds,
you know, and it's not about being a bad
friend or a bad person, but you you
can't you can't worry about other people
as long as you're a good person, as long
as you do the right thing. the fact that
you don't have time at the moment,
but that's when you people might
perceive you to be an [__] You know,
you talked a little bit about there
about being 80 years old and looking
back on your life. I'm going to just
play a little uh a little game with you.
So, we've got to imagine um imagine that
what day of the week was I think it's
Tuesday today. Tuesday.
So, Friday you find out that Friday is
your last day on Earth. My question is,
and really put yourself there, right?
So, Friday's your last day on Earth. all
the fights coming up, AJ Fury, it's all
all falls away. What do you immediately
regret?
That's actually something that I thought
about quite a lot. And the reason was is
um about
4 months ago, my granddad passed away.
He was 93. Great life, you know. And
when I went to see him in his last
couple of days, you know, and he
obviously didn't look great. And I
looked at him, I thought, "Wow, life's
crazy, isn't it?" I said, "Everything
that you've done in your life
and now you're laying here about to
leave.
So when you get experiences like that,
it just you have to be reminded
sometimes that this is a game. Life is a
game. We're only on borrowed time,
right? And you can never take yourself
too seriously. I think that's one thing
I do well is I love to have a laugh and
I don't take myself too seriously. Um,
in answer to your question,
since that moment, I've been thinking a
lot about if I, you know, if I went now,
do you look back and say, I couldn't
have done any more. I had a great time.
And I think the answer is yes. I mean,
we could all we can all do better. But
my dad is an inspiration that respect
because he's the kind of person that
couldn't have squeezed one more drop out
of his life, right? So, I'm quite
envious of that. He's 73 and who knows
how long he's going to last. But I do
feel like it's very important that when
you get to whatever stage when God says
that's enough for you that you are able
to look back and say I couldn't have
done anymore. And that scares me a
little bit because
I want to know exactly what when you
think about more and you're saying I
could have done more.
You find out that this Friday is your
last day. What are the things where you
think do you know what? Because I think
that the the the that moment like the
the deathbed moment puts everything in
perspective.
It does. But I think in that moment,
your emotions are very different to when
you're well and fit and on the hustle
and just, you know, so you don't get a
chance to reflect on that kind of moment
until you're there. And the obvious
reflection at that point is, I wish I
would have spent more time with my
family,
you know. I wish I would have been less
focused probably on work. But I'm not a
believer in, you know, the thoughts then
are not the thoughts now. And you have
to act on the moment. You can't live
your life saying, "Well, blind me, when
I'm on my deathbed, you might look back
and because I don't I don't think you
can plan like that." You have to do
what's in your heart. You have to do
what feels right. And what feels right
for me right now is this.
What what might feel right then is ah,
do you know what? Should have probably
missed a few trips really and just done
the school run a little bit more. and
and and I know that, you know, you you
have to you really have to understand
where you are in life. This is great for
your mental health as well and your
sanity. You got to be honest with
yourself and and you got to understand
the situation. I know exactly where I'm
at, what I'm thinking, what I'm doing,
the sacrifices I'm making, what I could
do better at, what I you know, but I'm
okay with it. You know, I'm you. You
can't get the perfect balance. But as
long as you understand what is going on
and you're not deluded, you're not
stubborn. Ah, don't worry about I'm not
that, you know, I know I know I need to
do more at home. I know I need to do
more school runs. I know I need to be
less short with the wife sometimes,
but can you there's a couple of points
here that I think are super interesting.
So, um, that deathbed moment, what I
think it's doing, and I've never been
there. you've not been there. But what I
think it's doing is it's telling you
what actually mattered
because to some degree I think that it's
it's like with that hindsight you can
say [__] that person criticizing my hair
or my cut or this none of that [__]
ever mattered. All of that was trivial.
The things that mattered were as you say
like my niece or my you know so I think
that's what that moment
but that comes over time. How old are
you now?
27.
Okay. You're a baby right? When I was
27,
what what people thought of me really
mattered,
you know? I mean, listen, I've been
working out for 35 years just to stay
fat,
you know, like the barnets going a
little bit. I could not give a monkeys
now at your age. Oh, mate, I was, you
know, I might have been Jack the lad. I
might have been turning up that, but
deep down, you know, it only take one of
the boys to say, you know, tell you
what, Ed, you're putting on a bit of
timber there. Or look, look, your barn
is creeping back. What? What you mean?
What you mean? Now I go, "Yeah, mate. I
know. Listen, sign of the times, isn't
it?" So being comfortable with yourself
is the best feeling in life, you know,
is the best feeling in life. And I think
when I was growing up at school, I
wasn't subconsciously. I think I had a
massive chip on my shoulder. And that's
why I was a bit of a bit of a knob to be
to be quite honest. But when you get
comfortable with yourself, it's a
beautiful thing in life. It really is.
you know, when you wake up in the
morning and you've always got to try for
me and look good and feel good and be
the best version of yourself you can be,
but you do get to a stage and that's
actually when you become really powerful
and effective.
You know, it's the same kind of thing,
you know, when you're young and you're
courting or you're looking for a young
lady to show you some interest. You
know, when you try really hard and
you're sort of on edge and you be bit,
oh, don't don't really like my hair or
oh god, you know, you know the ones that
walk into the bar and just go, oh mate,
you know, I know I'm not the best, but
I, you know, they're the ones that
everybody gravitates to. Anyone with a
smile on their face is always creates so
much more energy and flow than the
people that that don't. And and that's
about being comfortable in yourself. So,
I think that it's very difficult with
everything you've achieved at your age
to just know where you're going or what
you're doing. I'm done.
Do you know what I mean? I'm I'm
married. I've got two kids. I've got
business. I'm struggling to balance
everything, you know, but I'm here, you
know? I'm not going to roll back the the
years and do this and do that. And I
know exactly what I'm doing. I know
exactly where I'm at. I know exactly
what I'm focusing on. And that life
starts to become a lot easier then at at
your age. You know, I went to work. I
left college after my A levels. I went
to work for five years in sports
management companies and event
management companies. I was a sports
agent on the PGA tour in America. I had
no idea where I was going. I mean I I
just wanted to be successful. I wanted
to earn money, you know, but the mindset
of of or the change in mindset over the
years is unbelievable. I always say to
people, what matters to you now, you
will look back on when you get to my age
and go, can't believe I even used to
worry about stuff like that. And that
that's important because I I feel like
people that are very successful, you
know, you did it at a very young age.
Very impressive because
I think it takes time. Now, when I did
the Cambridge uh talk the other day, you
know, you're sitting down with all these
young I mean, I'm I'm I'm street smart
and I can sell, right? These people are
like Yeah, but I'm jealous of Buffins. I
used to take the mickey out of Buffins.
I'm jealous of Bofins now. I find
intellectual people fascinating. I love
talking to him and just trying to learn
and absorb. And I'm sitting in this room
of people and they're listening to me
and I'm thinking,
you know, firstly, you must be listening
to me thinking this B, who is he? What
is he a car used car dealer or something
like that? And then, but I'm I'm talking
around. I'm saying to you, what what do
you want to do? Well, uh, you know what?
what is success to you? They've not got
a clue. And it's not because they're at
Oxford and they're they're deluded. It's
because that's just it's very difficult
at that age to understand. I don't
believe anyone at 40 looks back at what
they were thinking at 20 and said,
"Yeah, I had this plan. I'm there now
and this is what I always wanted to do."
So, it takes time to develop a passion
for something. And that that is the
that's a key word, passion, because we
when we talk about being relentless and
we talk about this work ethic, you can
only have it if you love what you do and
if you have a passion for what you do. I
don't think you can trick yourself.
You can, but you can't be as good. You
know,
you you know, you said um earlier that
you you feel like you're self-aware of
like the the lack of balance in your
life because you've got this real
relentless streak, you got this family
and you're self-aware of it. Do you
think, as much as you're aware of it, do
you think deep inside you, you really
have a choice?
Or do you think you're being somewhat
dragged by your own ambition? Because
this is what I find fascinating about
people, successful people, is it tends
to be the case that like me, I'm aware I
need to see my niece more,
but I just sometimes don't feel like I
have I'm fully in control.
Well, I I do it because it's what I want
to do ultimately. I mean, I do have an
obligation, you know. I do have
responsibilities. I'm talking about in
the workplace.
You know, we got a fantastic team here,
but ultimately
when we announcing a show, when we're
doing a press conference, when we do,
they want me.
They want their flesh.
So, they roll me out and I'm just like,
I'm like a traveling salesman. Right,
Eddie? We're announcing this show today.
Off you go. Right, here we go. Back in a
car. Here we go. You know what? So, but
I do it because I enjoy it, because I
love it, because I have an obligation to
do it for the business that my father
created.
And I've my responsibility now is to
take that to the next level. You know,
he built this from the foundations from
nothing. I'm not going to let it just
fizzle out as he goes into his 80s. I
want to take it to the next level. But
the difference is is I don't have to do
this, you know? I'm not looking at this
saying it's my way out. Um, you know, I
just if I just make some money, I can,
you know, I can buy the Lamborghini. I
could have done that at 21.
But imagine the Eddie that that doesn't
do this. Imagine what how he
But the same thing that was that that
was me at school.
That was the kid telling the teachers, I
don't have to do that, you know. And
that can't that runs shivers down me.
give me some advice on um because you've
got you're married
and I'm I genuinely genuinely no it
sounds crazy but I'm like you've managed
to crack it seems like because you're
married um crack the balance of being
relentless on one end but then managing
to find a person or to at least keep
them happy to some degree spoke to yeah
I've not spoke to but I genuinely I
started to think over the the last
couple years I'm like how am I going to
find someone that understands that I
want to send text messages at 4 a.m.
morning and that I sometimes don't want
to talk to them and that when I'm sat
next to them, I'll be quiet for 7 hours
because I've just got an email that I'm
thinking about. And so I'm like, is it
the you have to find the right person?
Is it something you say to them?
I think they need to know you. They need
to know what drives you. I mean, if you
had a conversation with my wife and you
said, "What what is he like?" You know,
she'd just go, "Well, he's just in his
own world, isn't he?" I mean, the amount
of times, you know, that moment where
you get home and they go, "Right, I need
to talk to you." And you go into the the
kitchen, they go right now, uh,
Isabella, you know, I spoke to her
teacher today and um, what were
I'm gone, right? So, I'm I'm going and
I'm thinking that contract's got to be
at 9:00 p.m., you know, blah blah blah.
And she goes to me, what did I say? And
I go, the school, what? And she just she
but it's not like and and she'll go,
listen, we have blazing rounds, you
know, you're you know, you're so
selfish. you all you care about is work,
you know, but you again, it just gets to
a point where you just have to
understand
life. You just nothing's perfect, you
know. You got two people that love each
other. I've known her since, you know,
my 20ies. I' I've I've changed. We've
both changed a lot over the years, but
we've changed together and we've grown
together and this is what I do, you
know, and I would have had that
conversation with her at some point many
years ago to the point saying, "Look,
nothing's going to get in my way. I
don't mean to sound horrible and I love
you and you know, I want to spend the
rest of my life with you, but you have
to understand me. You have to understand
that this is extremely important to me."
not don't say this is the most important
thing to me cuz that'll get you bang in
trouble but this is extremely important
to me and I think because she's been
around my family because she knows how
important it is to us she kind of just
gets it you know and there'll be times
where she'll say did I hear you on the
phone last night at 5:00 in the morning
I'll say yeah you know we was doing the
Canelo deal or you know AJ deal or and
she'll just look at me and go but over
time you know I think the the most
difficult thing is the early stages of
dating because it's very difficult for a
woman. They they want your attention.
You know, people people sometimes think
that women want
uh you know, money and you know, the
nice house and of course everybody does,
but they don't really. They want your
attention and they want your company and
they want your time. And there are three
things that are very difficult to do
when you live that kind of lifestyle.
So, you do have to, you know, we'll do I
I'll race back from somewhere and I'll
say, "Right, you know, tonight, let's go
out for dinner and I'll be knackered. I
don't, you know, hopefully she don't
listen to this. I really don't want to
go for dinner tonight." But you have to
do it. And that's what my dad has kind
of always taught me, son, you got to do,
you got to resp
people. My mom, he's from from the East
End. She's old school. As far as they're
concerned, the man goes out and puts the
bread on the table and the wife looks
after the man.
Old old old world that don't exist
anymore.
But every morning or every night, my mom
will iron my dad a shirt
and she will put it on his on the door
for him in the morning.
If your if your wife,
right, say I say we we brought her in
this room, we sat her down with God and
we said, "Listen, you can decide what
happens next with Eddie and his career,
right? So you can we can bring it to an
end and he'll spend more time with you
or what do you reckon she would do? She
could make the decision on you your
relentlessness and your career. How do
you honestly think she would make that
decision?
I think I think she because she knows
how important it is to me. I think she
would say no he he he needs to do it. He
has to do it. But I think the I think
the hope is that there is an end place
or an end goal. For me you feel
Yeah. But for me, I don't
whe whether in 20 years time we we play
this back. I don't think I want to be
70, you know, maybe even 60, 70, 80
doing this, dealing with problems. And
listen, maybe I won't even make it that
long. But for me, I definitely have the
mindset of not I want to get in and get
out, but I I do want to get that moment
where I do sit on the beach with a
cigar. Don't even smoke cigars, but you
know, and a whiskey. Don't even like
whiskey, but you know, I can imagine the
picture at least. And go, do you know
what? We've done it. We done well. But
walking away is the thing that at the
moment would kill me, you know, to be
able imagine when you wrap up shop and,
you know, this might be I mean, for us,
we've gone from being a family business,
you know, to having four employees to
now all of a sudden having hundreds of
employees in in multiple offices around
the world. We're being approached by for
for investment, for takeover, for IPOs.
And now we're sort of at that stage of
growth where I don't know. I just see I
see I see a faster exit strategy than my
dad. At least that's what I'm selling to
her. You know, just give me a few more
years. Just give me a few more years.
But I do want to go and enjoy because I
can't say I'm not enjoying myself cuz I
love what I do. But I do want that
moment to just, you know, but it's the
walking away. You know, how do you just
one day turn around and you might sell
the business or, you know, you might
float and you take a more of a backseat
role. That's difficult because we make
our own decisions. We're a hands-on
business. That's what we love. We've
we've turned down investment and
opportunities for years because we don't
want to I don't want to bore the
directors. We we make the decisions and
we do what we want to do because we love
what we we do. But when you see such
growth and you see such interest and you
see the opportunity for, you know, a a
much vaster wealth being quite honest,
do you want it? And if you want it,
what's the exit strategy? Because at the
moment the exit strategy for our family
is from the day you start working from
the day you die you work your nuts off
every single day. I mean it's not
particularly advanced is it that that
strategy but that's just what we've
always done.
Mental health big topic you know
especially over the last 10 years I
think if you go back well 10 years ago
and you said the word mental health
people think people are crazy right they
think like you know run away from that
person. But now it's become like the
opposite. It's like, oh, someone's got,
you know, it's become something of,
well, you give someone affection and you
take care of them because the stigma's
somewhat changed. We know the stats
around male mental health. Have you ever
suffered from any sort of mental health
um predicaments?
This is my favorite day of the week.
My all-time favorite flavor of Hule,
berry. I went up to Hule's office in
Tring last week and had another tour
around their headquarters and pretty
amazing. They have this massive massive
gym as you would you would uh you would
expect. But the thing that I didn't
realize about Hule was that it's also a
vegan product and also I didn't realize
their commitments to sustainability. Now
there's tons of reasons why you might
choose to become a hooligan like me.
I've been drinking Hu for about 3 years,
long before they um decided to help me
with the podcast and to sponsor us. But
I never realized that element of it. The
reason I've always consumed Hu is
because of convenience, right? Um some
people might consume it because it's
nutritionally complete. Um which I guess
is part of the reason I did as well. And
then some people might consume it
because it's affordable. But for me, I
never because I'm not a vegan. I never
realized that it was vegan. I never
realized their efforts around
sustainability. And I never realized it
was also gluten-free because again
that's not a problem I have. And so on
this week's episode of the podcast,
that's the key message that I wanted to
get across is that if you are vegan, and
a lot of people don't know this, a lot
of my friends didn't know this. Hu is
vegan too. Um, and this is my all-time
favorite flavor, which is berry. Um, for
me, it tastes great. Um, 20 g of
protein. I'm currently trying to get in
better shape as you I hope some of you
have been able to notice if you've seen
the podcast on YouTube if you're
listening on YouTube right now. Um yeah,
and I love it and this is why it's so
awesome to work with a brand that you
believe in because their impact on the
environment is low. They are good for
you nutritionally. It's super convenient
and if you have the berry one, it tastes
unbelievable. So, what a what a win-win
win-win for me it was working with Hu
because um I get to tell you guys about
something that I would swear by and I
don't have to be dishonest with you. Um
if you look at my fridge right now,
maybe you should take a look in it. It's
pretty much all he I'm not advocating to
have a hu only diet, but that kind of
speaks to the nature of my life and how
busy I am and and how many meals I was
missing before I became a hu. Have you
ever suffered from any sort of mental
health um predicaments?
I don't think so. No. I mean, I think
again depression's one of those things a
bit like yoga and breathing and stuff we
were talking about earlier. If you would
have said to me 10 years ago, listen,
maybe even five or six years ago, so and
so suffering from depression.
If if your perception of that person is,
well, he's young, he's good-looking,
he's healthy, he's rich, he's
successful,
how can he be struggling from
depression? What a load of rubbish. And
actually, it takes the older generation
even longer. I mean, I think my dad's
only just accepted now that it exists
with people because his mentality is,
"What?
Dust yourself down? What's the matter
with you?" M
and it's that's you know that that's
wrong
because it is real you know and it does
exist. Um I don't you know have I had
days where I've been feeling incredibly
down. Yeah. But surely that's normal.
You know I don't I don't see myself
suffering from that. And I think
I think mental health problems and
depression I think it comes from
overthinking.
You know my um my brother-in-law is
hilarious. He just I've never known
anyone who just overthinks and worries
about stuff. You know, you're going to
be having a conversation go I've just
been thinking about that, you know, and
and if that happens, I was thinking, you
know, next year you could be there and
and then from there it's like, whoa,
whoa, whoa, what are you doing?
Just when you're struggling mentally,
focus on the short term. Focus on day by
day. I think sometimes people look at
and this is the same for business. When
you have a project or a long-term plan,
there are so many short-term obstacles
and goals to overcome to get there.
That's why how many times you spoke to
someone got this idea, you know, I'm
going to be doing this and that and that
and then a month later you've not even
heard about it. Oh, well, what happened
was we we launched and then, you know,
the council came in or the regulation
board came in and and this other company
tried to do this and and and it just
it's like, no, because you didn't focus
on the short-term goals. All you were
worried about was the house and the
Lamborghini and you weren't prepared to
to tick the boxes to get there. So,
sometimes when I'm a little bit off or,
you know, might be traveling a lot and
the equilibrium's gone and it's like,
okay, so I'm just going to write down
what I'm going to do today. And it can
be really menial stuff. Could be walk
the dog, you know, could be finalize a
contract. Could be go to the gym. Could
be go and get some food, you know, in
from MS or whatever just to say and and
I would tick everyone off. Really?
Yeah. And I would say at the end of the
day, I would look at it and I would go
done.
And that's the momentum back. That
that's where you get the feeling of
accomplishment even even on tiny things
to say, okay, I'm moving in the right
direction. For me, that that is a big
help for me is short-term focus.
Because once you start worrying about
what's going to happen next week or next
month or next year, you can't control.
No. And you're going to start driving
yourself crazy.
You've just got to say, "Okay, this is
what I need to do today and tomorrow I
need to do the same thing." And then
before you know it,
you'll start making positive changes.
You'll start achieving because you know
what what you've set the targets you've
set yourself, you are achieving.
You're a bit of a philosopher. I don't
know if you realize because um there's a
great famous philosopher that says uh
depression is too much of the past and
anxiety is too much thinking too much
about the future and he says the cure is
more now and that's pretty much what
you've described
that is true because you can't worry
about things that that may or may not
happen
and you can't change things that have
already happened
what you can do is change what is
happening today and it's simple to do
that again in in the book I ran a
marathon one marathon right because my
dad ran loads and he took the mick out
of me I had to do it and it's the same
kind of thing You start the marathon,
you think 26 miles? If you start
thinking about running 26 miles. I mean,
I it did give me anxiety attacks to
start with. I was thinking that's just
ridiculous. I've never done more than
10k. And then you train and you train
and you train and you build and then
every mile marker is an obstacle.
You start off, you think 26 miles by me.
Then you go 1 2 3 4 5 and you're you're
okay. And then and then you're 12 13 you
think I've done half. M
and you get to 18, 19, you think, I
can't do it anymore. And you think, just
get to 20, get to 20, 21. And when you
see that 20 mile marker, you know, and
then you get to 20 and you go, do you
know what? I've still got 6 milesi. I
can't do it. And you go 21, 22, 23. And
then when it's all over, you can look
back. But if you start worrying about
the future, you're going to gas out.
You're not going to make it.
Do you feel that anxiety sometimes in
those big moments where you've got, you
know, something's coming up and you just
can't stop thinking about it? um in my
business it was actually the first you
know I heard this term mental health and
I think at the start I thought nah it's
not real
and then a couple of years in I a lot of
people I started hearing you know
friends of mine and stuff going through
really bad things I'm like I think it's
real and then I got to this point where
I was almost scared to admit that it
would be real because I I almost felt
like if I admitted it was real then I'm
like welcoming the possibility into
myself of like labeling myself something
and then there was one moment where I
had this really big decision to make in
New York and I'm laying in the hot tub
in Manchester
and I just got really anxious and I was
anxious for about 4 days up until the
point of the decision and then I thought
that's probably the closest I've come to
some kind of mental health predicament
is that real an anxious feeling that I
couldn't shake.
I think social media is horrendous as
well. Like I I've made the decision in
the last couple of years year
specifically to start ignoring and
blocking out a lot of um
You're a celebrity now.
Yeah, isn't it? when I was coming
through, when I was overturning the
system, the support was unreal. And I
was really feeding off that. I mean,
anyone that says, you know, they're not
affected by criticism or they they're
not worried about I mean, that's a load
of rubbish. Of course, you don't like
people criticizing you. And by the way,
you love people patting you on the back
and championing you. Of course, it's
it's natural.
What things get to you, though?
Stuff that people like the personal
stuff couldn't give a couldn't give a
monkeys about. It's more about the
it's more about people when you're
putting the work in something and you're
so passionate about something and you're
actually working for the good of might
be the sport or whatever. It's the
people that just, you know, presume see
you completely differently. So that's
the frustration. But over the last
couple of years, I just started thinking
to myself, what are you I was having a
conversation with my old man. My old
man's on Twitter, right? And he phoned
me up. He go having an argument with
this geyser on Twitter, right? And he
was going on about the snooker and the
format. And I said to him, I'm like,
"Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa." I said,
"Are you serious?" I said, "Who is who
is this boat?" I said, "You imagine
someone stopping you on the street and
having having a pop at you about the
snooker format, but it also it's it's
the platform that made us what we are.
It it got us to the top, you know, the
interaction with the fans and the
understanding of their mindset. So, we
can't just, you know, but it's become a
toxic place. It really has, you know,
and I worry for I worry for my kids, you
know, sometimes one of them be on TikTok
and she'll put a dance out and someone
will come back and say, you know, I
don't know, uh, you're ugly, you look
really, you're st, you know, and it's
like we never had that in our day. I
mean, we never even had a phone. You
know, if someone didn't like you, they
might say something in the playground,
but that's about it. So, we live in a
world of criticism, and I think it's a
negativity.
But that's what I said to my old man. I
said, "You imagine like these people,
they're all doing it all day. I'll put a
post out and you it's the same ones all
the time." And I think, you know, and
even um to the point where someone
posted my phone number on Twitter,
right? And I've had my phone number for
25 years, same one, right? And someone
posted and went, "Give this is Eddie
Hearn's number. Give him a call and you
know, tell him what you think about the
pay-per-view price or whatever it is."
and my phone was going men's like it was
like every literally all day it was just
private number private number and I
thought you know what you got to change
your number and I thought I can't be
bothered so I started answering a few
right and to this day this was a few
years ago it's that people still do it
and there's this one guy
you've got the same number
I can't be bothered to change it right
so this guy private number private
number private number and it's all day
right so I pick it up and I go, "Hello,
mate." And he goes, "Oh,
bloody hell, Ed." And I go, "Yeah, how
you doing, mate?" And he goes, "Uh, um,
when you going to stop ripping us off on
the pay-per-views or something like
that, right?" And I go, and and I went
to him, "Mate, let's have a serious
conversation.
What are you doing?" And he goes, "What
do you mean? What am I?" I said, "Have
you got a job?" And he's like, "Uh,
yeah." I said, "You haven't, have you?"
And he's like, "What? Not not at the
moment." I said, "What are you doing?" I
said, "How many times have you phoned me
today?" Oh, I mean, the answer was like
40, right? I said, "You can't focus." I
said, "All the energy you're putting
into phoning me cuz you think it's
banter or it's some kind of
accomplishment if I pick up the phone."
I said, "Put it into something
worthwhile." I said, "Cuz you really
wasting your life." And he just went
quiet and he's like, "Uh, oh, come on,
Eddie. What about a few quid off the
pay?" And I'm like, "No, no, mate. I'm
serious. I want to help you. You've got
to you've got to change, you know, and
then he just hung up and I thought,
[__] I hope you're all right." But it's
true, isn't it? What are you doing? What
are you doing? I mean, all right, once
might be quite funny, you know, I pick
it up and you give me a bit, but like
all day, every day, you know, because
I'd hate to be one of those people that
just wakes up every morning with no fire
in the belly, with no passion, with
nothing. And there are, by the way,
that's 95% of the population.
Many people, that's why it's so
important to me here to create an
environment, a matching for the for the
team where you enjoy being there. you
know, we got we get food together, we
got a gym, we got a pool, we got we're
all traveling away to events, we'll have
a night out. We do that because you
can't be in a job or a life where you're
just flat. How am I going to get the
best out of you if you don't love what
you do? And it's very difficult to have
that same passion when it's not your
business, you know? So, motivation is
important, but Frank, you know, Frank
said to me, he said, he said, uh, you
know, Eddie's a Eddie's a businessman.
That's that's where you came from. Your
dad's a businessman, too. And with this
new age of social media and all the
interviews you do on YouTube and you are
relentless with the interviews as well
by the way and I was when I was saw you
in New York uh on that rooftop with like
the nice garden stuff. Yeah. You were
back to back to back doing those
interviews with all these bloggers for 3
hours.
That's helped grow the business. It's
why most people know Matt Room of this
especially of this generation but it's
made you a celebrity. And Frank said to
me he said I don't think he's enjoying
the celebrity thing, you know. And I
think a lot of people would be really
really surprised to hear that because
you know
people would they think that you'd love
it. They think you love the attention. I
mean promoters are in the business of
attention right but from a personal
perspective apparently you don't like
it. You don't like the celebrity.
I didn't set out to be a c celebrity and
I set out to be a businessman. I set out
to um continue the success that that
that my dad built. But I do recognize
that if I am well known, if I am a
showman, if I am a celebrity, it will
help me push my events. It will help me
push the profile of fighters. You know,
you get to a stage now where the
industry haters might say, "Oh, well,
it's ridiculous. He's doing all these
interviews. You know, he's more popular
than most of his fighters." You know,
more popular is the wrong word. Well
known than than some of his fighters.
But that's me, you know, and I look at
the success of the UFC. I look at the
growth of of that business and Dana
White and every major fight sport um
product has that lead guy. In WWE, it's
Vince McMahon. You know, in MMA, it's
Dana White. And in boxing, I guess it's
me or, you know, I want it to be me.
So, there's a method to the madness.
And but, you know, the book the book was
something that I wanted to do because I
just thought it was funny that I would
ever write a book, right? I didn't think
it's funny.
No, but if you knew me at school and you
knew I just it was more like Hodddter
put it to me during before lockdown and
when lockdown come I panicked and I was
like oh and next you know talk about
being at home with your kids now I'm at
home with my kids and I've got no events
and oh so I was just like for those
first two weeks I was just right we
launched a fitness show with Sky that
people could do at home fighting fit you
know I said to the guys yeah give me
that book deal I'll write it now let's
do the book now And I wrote it in
lockdown, you know, and and I was just
zooms, more zooms, more interviews
because I was I just I was just scared
of not having that drive every single
day of, you know, going out there and
and and I didn't enjoy like an illness.
It is an illness. It is an illness.
Let's be honest. We're all sick, aren't
we? I mean like you can't do you can't
wake up in the night every night and
start writing emails, doing contracts,
texting people, and then wake up at 7
and do the school run and then drive to
work and do it all over again every
single day unless you're a little bit
ill in the head.
You you can't actually be still like so
when you talked earlier about that cigar
moment in the future sitting on that
beach, I didn't believe you for a
second.
Yeah, you're probably right. But I just
I'd like to think that at least what I'm
telling the miss is that one day we'll
be we'll chill out. You know what I
mean? But
could you imagine laying on a beach with
a cigar like this? No emails, no
nothing. Just no fights coming up,
nothing. Just
meditating.
No, but I think it all depends where you
get to. You know, it's like when you're
building your stack at poker. You know,
the problem with gambling is you never
know when to walk away, right? And we're
not gambling anymore because we're very
good at what we do. But life is always a
gamble. So when you build your stack,
it's that moment when you say to the
cashier, "Can I get a rack, please?" And
you put it in your rack.
Yeah.
And you go up to the cashier's desk and
you say, "Cash that in for me." And they
go,
So,
and you walk away and you go,
"Yeah." And then you get sit down, you
go have a nice beer.
But that moment sucks. You said that
the m the m that moment doesn't suck.
But then after again, it's the thrill,
isn't it? I like to win. I like to be.
So the thing that would hurt me more is
if I turned around tomorrow and went,
couldn't have done any more in boxing.
I'm out. Bye. What would hurt me more is
sitting on the beach, not not, you know,
enjoying myself going, now I'm gone. All
those people that I was fighting again
for all those years to become number
one, they got no they're back. You know,
they're back. And that's what my dad
walked away from boxing because it is
the most um aggravating business, an
intense business. And that's what I'm
saying about all throughout the night
because everyone's trying to [__] you
nonstop,
right? So, you have to sleep with one
eye open. And I think he got to a stage
where he went, I don't want to do this
anymore. I'm going to go and do darts
where everyone's going to love me.
Do you know what I mean? And I'm jealous
of him for that because I saw growing up
this guy that was so intense and who had
a bad temper and you know and then all
of a sudden once boxing went he was just
chilled out. Wow. I can't believe what's
happened to my life. So you know I I I
hate to let people win and if I left
ultimately they would win. But I guess
the only time you can walk away is when
you're content. And will the contentment
ever come at the moment? Like you say
possibly not. But who knows, you know,
who knows where we can build to, where
we can get to, where it might be that
moment. And again, you have to always
leave the option open because, as I
said, your thoughts at 20 are totally
different to your thoughts at 30 and 40
and 50. I may get to 50 and we may be,
you know, have had another great 10
years and I might go, fire's not there
anymore. I'm done. Or I might be saying,
right, now I want to take over music.
Now I want to take over football. Now I
want to, you know, so it's difficult to
say. And with the family businesses,
they're a very special thing. And in the
world, in the world we live in today
with these big global corporations and
the public markets growing, it's very
rare for a family business to withstand
the temptation of acquisitions or going
public or whatever.
What who you don't have a son,
right? And uh I'm wondering who
continues the family business if you
were to go down that route. Is it
No. No, well that's that's a good point
because that is the the conversation,
you know, ever since I started to
understand business more for me that
that is a natural progression of a
family business to go family business,
you know, investment or acquisition or
IPO and that's what you do because how
do you I I have I have aspirations for
this business to grow globally and to be
staging events in every major territory.
in the world. You know to do that does
require huge investment does does
require you know management. It and we
can do it but that's not our
specialtity. Our specialtity is creating
great live events for our broadcasters
and fans. Okay. So my dad has always
said to me I will never ever ever
take investment for the business float
the business or sell the business. And
I've always over the years gone, yeah,
but you know, it's got we got to get to
and actually the the the son thing is
quite interesting. You know, I've been
blessed with two amazing daughters. Of
course, every man would quite like a
son. Didn't work out. It's what God gave
me. But there is it's an interesting
point because my end goal if I had a
son, and listen, only 41, who knows? But
I think it would be more, you know, here
we go again down the line kind of thing.
With me, I would quite like to end
the journey with my dad. Do you know
what I mean? To say,
look at what we, you know, not it's
gone, but look at where we started. Look
at where we finished. Because it's very
difficult. And I and I take the interest
from you know hedge funds and you know
investment funds with unbelievable
amount of compliment to say wow you know
and the calls are coming in non-stop
because they appreciate the model of
growth where when we talk about one
sport one promoter one belt you know
that mindset it's a carbon copy of the
UFC you know the UFC sold 4.6 6 billion.
There is no reason why boxing with with
so much more history, with so much more
credibility with fans and broadcasters
can't replicate that model and actually
be even more valuable than the UFC
business. And I'm really the only chance
it has to do it. It's not going to be
Bob Haram. It's not going to be Don
King. It's not going to be Frank Warren.
It's going to be me. So all of a sudden,
I've been giving interviews like that
and then the calls are come. But right,
we want, you know, and it's like, guys,
we're not we don't need it. We're not If
I wanted to go and get funding, if I
wanted to go and float, I'll do it
tomorrow.
But it's a big, it's a big, you know,
headbutting system with me and me and my
dad. And, you know, he's starting to
look and I'm just saying we can't just
be blind to it. It's a natural
progression for any business in terms of
growth to to look at these models. And
but is that why you're doing the
business? because you know this bit the
happiness you've got from this business
I I would guess and I run a I ran a
public business until recently um much
of it
loads of [__] you don't necessarily
want right quarterly reporting you got
to hit the numbers if you don't then you
got to do something short-term that's
not necessarily in the long-term
interest of the business right so
I I I I'm almost quite jealous of the
setup you have the control you have you
have it in your family and you're happy
but but you're someone that almost needs
forward momentum to continue to be to be
happy.
It's growth, isn't it? You know, you
know that as a family business, you
know, we we you know, you can see in our
financial results, we're fantastic. You
know, we we're a huge uh family business
in terms of the numbers that we're
delivering year on year end.
Yes.
But at the same time,
you're almost capped by the growth and
by the numbers within the current within
that setup.
Yeah.
You know, okay. So when you start, you
turn a break even business into a a 5
million EBIT DAR company and then before
you know it, the aim is 10 and 15 and
now we're 30 and you know, but how do
you get to
4 billion?
Why does 4 billion matter?
That's just the UFC number, you know.
So, but because why it matters is
it was never on the agenda. It was never
possible.
It could never be done. And I guess it
goes back to the competition with my dad
where I'm saying, you know, I believe,
you know, when you talk about PE ratios
and the value of a business, yeah, we
know what we're worth now, but I do
believe we have the potential to be
worth those kind of numbers.
And that would be your success in some
respects.
It's a game. It's a game, Steve. It's I
don't know. It's not like I don't I
don't think that deeply to I just see it
as a game.
But when you start thinking deeply, it
doesn't make you question. Yeah, that's
a good point. Why does
I don't know. I I just I live in the
moment I live in now. I just feel that
every day we're trying to expand. We're
trying to push the boundaries. We're
trying to do more. So, would I like to
this business to, you know, sell or have
a value of four? [__] right.
Why?
Because it could it's ridiculous.
We're just a couple of like he's out of
dagnum. I'm his son.
It would be a great story.
Yeah. But it it's just it's us against
the world
cuz the money would do to be honest.
The money wouldn't change my lifestyle
at all. I'm not I've got a couple of
nice cars, right? I got a nice house. I
don't want a yacht. I don't want a jet.
I don't want I mean Well, I mean, we'll
talk about it, but you know, I I don't
want for anything. I'm not I'm at the
age now maybe when I was in my 20s.
Yeah. Wow. You a private jet and you got
you just rent it if you need it. So,
it's just it's just the fact that what
we've done. I think I think legacy is um
I was talking to Freddy Flint off on my
pod yesterday and I said I said about
legacy and he went I think legacy is a
load of bollocks. I I actually I
disagree a little bit because you know
when you go back to that moment where
you're on your deathbed and it might be
today or and when you've achieved
something like that you just you put
yeah you start laughing and you go I
can't believe we've done it. I can't
believe we've done it. And that would be
the better kind of memories or the
achievement to me. You know, can you
believe we done it? But you've got to
enjoy it at the same time. But, you
know, I don't know. It it's you can you
can debate this all all day long because
you sit back on the deathbed and you
say, "Yeah, but was I really happy?"
Well, of course, because this is
bringing us happiness. This is I know
that every day I come in here and I'm
smiling and I'm up for it and I'm
passionate and I'm full of energy and I
got a drive and a fire in my belly.
That's good enough for me. My dad comes
in every day. He's been coming in, you
know, into this off into this business
for
50, 45 years and he's got the same
passion, the same energy that he did
when he first started the company.
That's got to tell you something. And
this is almost somewhat of a
contradiction because he's coming in it
here every day. You're both really,
really happy. You're coming in here with
a fire in your belly. But then there's
this other part of you that's like, "But
we need the end point." Would that help?
He doesn't. He doesn't he he he he
doesn't want any of that, you know. He's
going, "No, son. We got the most amazing
business. You know, we're forecasted to
just for continue growth for the next 5
10 years. We got broadcast contracts
locked in. We we're untouchable." And
I'm like, "Yeah, but how do we go?" You
know, I want offices, you know, we have
offices in in England, in New York, in
uh Milan, in Madrid. I want offices in
Sydney, in Toronto, in Mumbai, in
Beijing. that that's what I want.
Why?
Because we're not supposed to have it.
We were never supposed to be this
business. I was never supposed to be
this kid.
So, it sounds like you're proving
something to
Yeah, maybe. Maybe. But probably to him.
And if
that's what it comes down to,
which comes back to your childhood,
probably.
And if you prove that to him,
right, you have all these offices around
the world, you sell for five billion.
Will that make you happy?
Probably not. But I don't know. I I I
don't think that selling for 5 billion
and making a load of money will make me
happy. But it it will make me happy to
be able to say I can't believe we've
done it. You know, I can't believe what
we've achieved. But
and then you'll need the next thing
possibly or that might be the the cigar
on the beach moment.
I wrote I wrote this one sentence in my
book where I started to understand the
moment I described at the start with
someone made me an offer for my business
and I looked at it when I was 23 and I
thought, "Oh my god, 25 million quid."
Oh, [__] And then what I learned in
that moment is my whole life became so
confused and I almost fell into like I'd
call it chaos. And so in my book I write
that we live our lives thinking that
we're striving for stability, which
would be completed goals, the cigar um
thinking that stability is stability and
that we're trying to escape chaos. But
what I came to learn was in fact um our
stability is chaos. It's the having
unanswered goals and it's the problems
and it's the forward motion. So our
chaos is stability and our stability,
the cigar moment would actually feel
like chaos. Yeah.
It would feel like some kind of
if it wasn't time.
If it wasn't time and we don't know when
it will be time.
But what you just said there is very
true because
like any athlete
that moment when they're in the chaos is
where they feel most at peace with
themselves. You speak to any fighter and
you say where where would you rather be
m anywhere in the world and I say in the
ring and that's the same for us. So it's
not like I want aggravation but stick me
in it put me in front of problems and
and tell me I can't do something. That's
where I'm in my moment. Am I in my
moment where I'm sitting at home, you
know, watching TV? No. I'm I'm at my
best when I'm doing those 100 200
interviews or I've got problems or a
fight's fallen through and you know all
of a sudden the shit's hit the fan.
That's when I'm at my best. So, and
that's where I do feel calm in a way.
You know, at first when you have
problems, you know, it might be a panic,
but for me, okay, this is what we do. We
go to work now, you know, and that's
that's the same for an athlete or a
fighter. That's when they feel calm when
you might be watching going cuz that's
not your your calm. That's not your your
moment. It's their moment. I'm fine.
Yeah. When AJ fights, he ain't nervous.
I'm [__] [__] myself because I
can't control it. It's not me. It's not
what I do. But that's what he does. You
know, when when a fight's fallen through
or it looks like a massive show's about
to be cancelled and other people in here
might be going, "Oh, oh, do you think
it'll be all right? Do you think we and
I just lock the door and say, "Right,
leave me alone." And I go to work.
That's my that's that's no problem for
me, you know. But but you only become
exceptional at things and used to things
when you become familiar with them
and when you put yourself in the same
position time and time again. It's about
Frank, you know, we we always laugh
about him giving his press conferences,
you know, because when I did my first
ever press conference, which was Audi
Harrison against David Haye, I couldn't
stop shaking. You wouldn't have known it
at the time, but I put my hands on the
table like this and I and I could I
could feel him and I could I could see
him going. So I just when I spoke I just
put them underneath my legs like this
and just le forward and and you would
never have known. And when I done the
next one a little bit less and the next
one and then within five or six I never
needed notes. I just speak you know for
hours and with Frank you know he done
one recently and I could see him shaking
you know I was just taking the piss out
of him and I just said just keep doing
it keep doing it. Repetition repetition
keep putting yourself in situations.
Steve Davis, who is my godfather, I said
to him once, how do you you know when
you you talk about sort of sports where
millimeters make a difference? It's
nothing more than a snooker, you know. I
said, how do you do you not get nervous?
You know, you're about you go down to
pot the blackboard and just little one
little jolt and it's all over. And he
said, I I have no nerve endings. He
said, "Because I've been put in the
position time and time again. In the
end, it's just it's second nature. It's
just like riding a bike." And and that's
that's what the same with business. You
have to keep putting yourself in a
position time and time again, and you'll
keep improving.
Listen, thank you for your time today.
Enjoy. Another No, it's another
counseling session. You know, I'm going
to leave it now and go away and have to
have a deep think. You know, I I think
the best the best thing you you can talk
about mindset and and mentality and
for hours and hours and hours.
Just keep it simple.
Don't over complicate things. Don't
overthink things. Be happy. Keep smile.
That's difficult when you want something
so bad and you're chasing it. But if you
start to really overanalyze, that's when
you know things start creeping in. Just
keep it simple. And um you know I said
sometimes if things get tough or you
know we got problems and I say to my old
man oh he said don't worry he said just
wake up an hour earlier tomorrow and go
to bed an hour later and I'm thinking
that's so that's so and he is the most
simple mindset but it works for him
because you and the best thing you can
do is be honest with yourself as well.
Just try and understand, take a step
back and just think about what is
happening in the world and your world
right now. And if you can understand it,
you can deal with it and you can solve
it. But just think simple.
Thank you.